Oh, Ross, Mon,
is it okay if I bring someone
to your parents'
anniversary party?
Sure.
Sure, yeah.
Who's the guy?
Well, his name's Parker
and I met him
at the dry cleaners.
Ooh, did he put a little starch
in your bloomers?
Who said that?
No, he's really great, though.
He has this
incredible zest for life.
And he treats me like a queen.
Except at night
when he treats me like
the naughty girl I am.
Oh, by the way.
Would it be okay
if I give the toast
to Mom and Dad
this year?
Uh, yeah.
You sure you want to
after what happened
at their 20th?
Yeah, I'd
really like to.
Okay.
Hopefully this time
Mom won't boo you.
Yes!
Every year Ross makes a toast
and it's always really moving
and always makes them cry.
Well this year,
I'm going to make them cry.
And you, you wonder why
Ross is their favorite?
No, really,
anytime Ross makes a toast
everyone cries and hugs him
and pats him on the back
and they all
come up to me and say
"God, your brother."
You know what they're
going to say this year?
"God, you."
Well, I can promise you at least
one person will be crying.
You know, I'm an actor
and any actor worth his salt
can cry on cue.
Really, you
can do that?
Oh, are you kidding me?
Watch.
Well, I can't do it
with you guys watching me.
♪ So no one told you
life was gonna be this way ♪
♪ Your job's a joke,
you're broke ♪
♪ Your love life's D.O.A. ♪
♪ It's like you're always
stuck in second gear ♪
♪ When it hasn't been
your day, your week ♪
♪ Your month,
or even your year ♪
♪ But I'll be there for you ♪
♪ 'Cause you're there
for me, too. ♪
What are you doing?
Oh, I'm working on
my toast for the party.
Or as I like to call it
"Sob-Fest 2002."
Hey, check this out.
It's a dog.
It's a dead dog.
That's Chi-Chi.
She died when I
was in high school.
It's your parents
anniversary and you're
going to talk about
their dead pet?
It's good stuff, huh?
Hi.
Hey.
Aw, Joey, you got
a present for my parents?
That's so sweet.
Yeah, yeah, look.
In honor of their
35th wedding anniversary
I had a star
named after them.
Oh, that is so cool.
And
I got them a book on
Kama Sutra for the elderly.
Hey, do you guys
have any extra ribbon?
Oh, yeah, sure.
What do you need?
We've got, uh, lace,
satin, satiné, raffia
gingham, felt...
And I think my testicles
may be in here, too.
Oh, Chi-Chi.
Oh, I love this dog.
You know, uh, Monica
couldn't get braces
because Chi-Chi needed
knee surgery.
Oh.
What?
You were the 200 pound
11-year-old who rode her.
Hey.
Everybody,
this is Parker.
Parker, this...
No, no, wait,
don't tell me.
Let me guess.
Joey, Monica
Ross, Rachel,
and...
I'm sorry,
Phoebe didn't mention you.
Chandler! I'm kidding.
Already you're my favorite.
( laughs )
Why don't each of you
tell me a little bit
about yourselves?
Uh, actually, I'm sorry.
We probably should
get going.
( laughs )
Classic Ross.
Rachel
Rachel, look
how you glow.
May I?
Well... I think
you already are.
( chuckles )
Rachel, you have life
growing inside you.
Is there anything in this
world more miraculous
than... ooh,
a picture of a dog.
Whose is this?
That's my old dog.
He passed away
years ago.
Oh, well, at least you
were lucky to have him.
Bow-wow, old friend.
Bow-wow.
So, where's the party?
It's out on
the island.
It's in
Massapequa.
Mmmm-assapequa.
It sounds like
a magical place.
Tell me about Massapequa.
Is it steeped
in Native American history?
Well, there is an Arby's
in the shape of a tepee.
Okay, I've got my note cards.
Um, you got the presents?
Yeah.
And I've got the car keys.
We're driving?
Yeah.
Aces!
Ooh.
So, uh, he seems
like a nice guy.
Yeah, yeah.
I like him a lot.
You want to hang back
and take our own cab?
Yeah, otherwise,
I'm not going.
Oh!
Hey!
You look
so great.
Hey, Ma.
This is such
a great party.
35 years.
Very impressive.
Do you guys have
any pearls of wisdom?
Jack?
Why would you serve food
on such a sharp stick?
It's a good question, Dad.
It's a good question.
Congratulations,
you two.
BOTH:
Oh, thank you.
We're
so excited.
And also, congratulations
on your wedding.
What?
Can we talk to you
for just a minute?
Yeah.
It's just
a little thing.
While we think it's
simply marvelous
that you're having
this baby out of wedlock...
some of our friends
are less open-minded.
Which is why we've told
them all you're married.
BOTH:
What?!
Thanks for going
along with this.
Ma...
Dad, what?
We have to pretend
that we're married?!
Son, I had to shave
my ears for tonight.
You can do this.
Can you believe that?
Yeah, I know.
If you're going
to do the ears
you may as well take
a pass at the nosal area.
No, no.
I don't want to have to lie
about us being married.
Oh, no, I know.
I don't either.
But you know what, it's their
party, and it's one night
and we don't
even have to lie.
We just
won't say anything.
If it comes up again,
we'll just...
we'll smile,
we'll nod along.
Ross.
Rachel.
Hi, Aunt Lisa.
Uncle Dan.
Congratulations
on the baby.
And on
the wedding.
BOTH:
Mm.
Here's a little something
to get you started.
Oh.
So how's married
life treating you?
Unbelievable.
Love marriage.
Great.
We'll see you later.
Hey.
What a beautiful place.
What a great night.
I have to tell you
being here with all of you in
Event Room C...
I feel so lucky.
To think of all the good times
that have happened here:
the birthdays, the proms,
the mitzvahs--
both bar and bat.
But none of it
will compare with tonight.
My God, I don't want
to forget this moment.
It's like I want to take
a mental picture of you all.
Click!
I don't think
the flash went off.
( laughs )
I'm going to go find
the men's room.
I'll be right back.
I'll go with you.
Somewhere there is someone
with a tranquilizer gun
and a huge butterfly net
looking for that man.
I have to go to the bathroom,
too
but I don't want him
complimenting my thing.
I'm so glad we
weren't in the car.
Did he ever let up?
He called
the Long Island Expressway
a concrete miracle.
( groaning )
( mockingly ):
This room, this night!
That waiter!
His shoes!
I must take a mental picture.
Oops, sorry.
Were you guys making
fun of Parker?
That depends.
How much did you hear?
Well, he's a little
enthusiastic.
What's wrong with that?
It's just, it's,
it's so much.
Well, so what?
I like him.
Do I make fun
of the people
that you've dated?
Tag?
Janice? Mona?
No, because friends
don't do that.
But do you want my opinion?
You want it?
'Cause in my opinion,
your collective dating record
reads like a "Who's Who"
of human crap.
Oh, I feel terrible.
I know.
What was wrong with Mona?
Open it, open it,
open it.
Yeah, baby.
So, we never got to hear
about your wedding.
We were surprised
we weren't invited.
Oh, no, no, no.
It was just our parents,
and one or two fri...
It was a small wedding.
But it was beautiful.
I mean, it was small,
but kind of spectacular.
Where did you have it?
On a cliff in Barbados.
At sunset.
And Stevie Wonder
sang "Isn't She Lovely"
as I walked
down the aisle.
Really?
Yeah, Stevie's
an old family friend.
Oh, my God.
That sounds amazing.
I'd love to see pictures.
Yeah, so would I.
You wouldn't think
that Annie Leibowitz
would forget to put
film in the camera.
( chuckles )
Would you, would you
excuse for a second?
Um, what are you doing?
What? I'm not you.
This may be the only
wedding I ever have.
And I want it
to be amazing.
Okay, okay... ooh!
Ooh, maybe I rode in
on a Harley.
Okay, Ross,
it has to be realistic.
Say, uh, are you okay?
You seem... kind of quiet.
No, I'm fine.
I'm great.
I'm with you.
And I'm with you.
What a great time to be alive.
Look at this
plate bouncy thing.
What an inspired solution to
man's plate dispensing problems.
Mm-hmm, yeah.
Ah!
Oysters.
Let me feed you one.
Oh, that's not necessary.
Please.
No, actually,
I don't...
I won't quit
until you try one.
Okay, fine. Fine.
Mmm. Mm-hmm.
That was good.
What are they like?
I've never had one.
Why don't you just try one?
Nah, they look too weird.
What are you doing?
Just going over
my toast.
Those two will never
know what hit them.
I can't wait.
They're going to be
crying so hard
they'll be fighting
for breath.
You know,
if you want to
I can just
hold them down
and you can just...
( grunting )
And my-my veil was lace
made by blind Belgian nuns.
Blind?
Well, not at first-- but it
was very intricate work
and they said even though
they lost their sight
it was all worth it.
I bet you looked
beautiful.
Oh, well, I-I don't know
about that
but there were
some people that said
I looked like a floating angel.
How did you
propose?
Oh! Yeah, that's
a great story.
Well, um, actually I-I took her
to the planetarium.
That's-that's where
we had our first date.
Um, she walked in and I had
the room filled with lilies
her favorite flower.
Oh, that is
so sweet.
Ssh! I want to hear the rest!
Then Fred Astaire singing
"The Way You Look Tonight"
came on the sound system
and the lights came down
and I-I got on one knee
and written
across the dome in the stars
were the words
"Will you marry me?"
( group sighing )
And the ring was the size
of my fist.
Hey, uh, Phoebe...
look, um...
I want to apologize about
before, okay?
We were being jerks.
Parker's a nice guy
and I'd like to get
to know him.
Then you better
do it now.
Why?
I'm going to
kill him.
What?
You guys were
right; he's just
too excited about
everything.
I mean, I'm all
for living life
but this is the Gellers'
35th anniversary, okay?
Let's call a spade a spade:
this party stinks.
I know-- I'm having
the worst time.
There was a 15-minute line
for the buffet
and when I finally
got up to the plates
I slipped
on a giant booger.
Are you sure it
wasn't an oyster?
I guess it
could've been.
I didn't really
look at it, you know?
I just wiped it
on Chandler's coat
and got the hell
out of there.
I just thought he was
such a great guy.
I was so excited
about him.
Well, hey, you know, you should
be excited about him.
There's nothing wrong with him.
He's a good guy.
You think?
Yeah, you know
what I think?
I think we were all
just being too negative.
You're right...
you're right.
He's just embracing life.
We could all stand to be
a little more like Parker.
You know what,
I am like him.
I'm a sunny,
positive person.
Uh, actually, you have
a little bit of an edge.
What's that, now?
Oh, it's Parker.
Look... the bunny hop.
( gasps ):
Oh, I love it!
You do?
Are you kidding?
People acting like animals
to music? Come on!
( ringing glass )
Okay, it's time for the toast.
I know that normally
Ross gives the toast
but this year
I'm going to do it.
( audience groaning )
No, no, it-it
it's going to be great, really.
Um, okay.
Um, Mom, Dad, uh,
when I got married
one of the things that made me
sure that I could do it
was the amazing example
the two of you set for me.
For that, and for
so many other things
I want to say thank you.
I know I probably don't say it
enough, but...
I love you.
Uh... w-when I look around
this room
I'm-I'm saddened by the thought
of those who could not
be with us.
Nana, my beloved grandmother,
who would so want to be here
but she can't...
because she's dead.
As...
is our dog, Chi-Chi.
Look how cute she is... was.
Do me a favor and pass this
to my parents?
Remember, um, she's dead, okay?
Her and Nana, gone.
Wow.
( sighing )
Um...
Hey--
does anybody remember
when Debra Winger
had to say good-bye
to her children
in Terms of Endearment?
Didn't see that?
No movie fans?
Uh, y-you want to hear
something sad?
Um, the other day I was watching
60 Minutes
and there was this piece
on these orphans in Romania
who had been so neglected
that they were
incapable of love.
You people are made of stone!
Here's to Mom and Dad. Whatever.
Thank you, Monica.
That was, uh,
interesting.
Wasn't that
interesting,
Jack?
Why don't I
remember this dog?
Ross, why don't you
give us your toast now?
Oh, no, Mom, it's just Monica
this year.
You're not
going to say anything
on our 35th wedding anniversary?
No, of-of course. um...
Um, everybody?
( clears throat):
Um...
I-I just wanted to say
uh, on behalf of my new bride,
Rachel...
and myself, um...
that if...
if in 35 years we're half
as happy as you guys are
we'll count ourselves the
luckiest people in the world.
( crying ):
Oh, Ross.
I just wish Nana were alive
to hear Ross's toast.
My God
what a fantastically
well-lit hallway.
Can I, um, get you something
to drink?
Like a water and Valium?
I must say,
you know
this apartment,
it's-it's...
There are no words.
Oh, thank God.
It's a haven.
A third-floor paradise,
a modern-day Eden
in the midst of...
Yeah, I know, I know, uh-huh.
I got you, oh, yeah.
Listen, let's, um...
Why don't
we just sit and relax?
You know, just be
with each other quietly?
Yeah.
That sounds great.
My God, this is the most
comfortable couch
I've ever sat on
in my entire life.
All right, let's
try something else.
Let's play a game.
I love games.
Shocking.
Um, let's play the game of...
( chuckling ):
who can stay quiet the longest?
Ah... or Jenga.
Let's play this one first.
And remember, whoever
talks first loses.
I lose, now Jenga.
Oh, my God, my God.
Is something wrong?
Wrong? Really, you
know the word wrong?
Everything isn't perfect,
everything isn't magical?
Everything isn't aglow
with the light of
a million fairies?
They were just break
lights, Parker!
Well, excuse me for putting
a good spin on a traffic jam.
Okay, but-but,
you don't have
to put a good spin
on everything.
I'm sorry,
that's who I am--
I'm a positive person.
No.
You are like Santa
Claus on Prozac...
at Disneyland...
getting laid.
So, what do
you want me to do?
You want me to be
more negative?
You want me
to be less happy?
Be much less happy.
Fine.
Well, then to quote Ross,
"I'd better be going."
So long.
Hey, don't let
the best door in the world
hit you in the ass
on your way out.
( knocking )
Isn't this the most incredible
fight you've ever had
in your entire life?
( slams door )
And then we could have gone
from the ceremony
to the reception
with you in the sidecar.
Ross, it just wouldn't
have been feasible.
But having a dove place the ring
on your finger
would have been no problem.
It was really fun being married
to you tonight.
Yeah, and it was the easiest
400 bucks I ever made.
( laughs )
Okay, Ross, can I, um,
can I ask you something?
Yeah.
That proposal
at the planetarium?
I know
I know,
it was stupid.
Are you kidding?
With the...
with the lilies
and the song
and the stars?
It was...
It was really wonderful.
You just make that up?
No. Actually,
I thought about it
when we were going out.
That's how I imagined
I would ask you to marry me.
Wow.
Well, that would have been...
that would have been
very hard to say no to.
Well, it's a good
thing I didn't do it
because it sounds
like it would have been
a very expensive wedding.
( laughs )
Mmm.
Okay.
Good night.
Uh, even if the sidecar
had a windscreen
so your hair wouldn't
get messed up?
I will think about it.
That's all
I'm asking.
Okay, that's it,
I give up--
at Mom and Dad's
40th anniversary
you're the one
giving the speech.
You know, I don't
understand why
they didn't cry.
It was a beautiful speech.
Oh, come on.
Hey--
all that stuff you
said about true love?
You were right.
I mean, we did
learn a lot
from Mom and Dad.
And that picture
of Chi-Chi
with her mischievous
grin...
And what you said
about Nana?
Oh, yeah, she
really would
have wanted
to be there.
And you know what?
I think she was.
Oh, good God, Ross--
how the hell do you do it?
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org